# vim: syntax=yaml
TODO:
-----------------------------------------------------------------
  * Need to switch to Fios. 5Gig plan.  $100/mo.

LOW PRIORITY:
-----------------------------------------------------------------
  - Periodically the Distributor will check all the node spe-
    cific queues and grab their pids from the task objects and
    then check the worker advertisement to see if that pid is
    still alive and, if not, it will reclaim the task (just
    putting it back into the global queue). When it does that
    it will increase a counter on the task object so that it
    doesn't do too many retries in case there is something
    wrong with the task itself that is causing the worker to
    die. In the event that the retry count is exceeded then it
    will fail the task by creating the output with a failed
    status code, that way the message will appear to the
    builder. Initially, we can set the retry count at zero so
    that we can get a better sense of worker deaths.
    [EDIT: I don't think this would work because if a worker
    dies with a task then it has already removed that task from
    the node specific queue].
    - Note that this shouldn't be handled by the node manager
      since the node manager goes away if the entire node dies.
  * Worker Death:
    * Currently there are a few ways a worker can fail, and in
      most cases, the worker will be able to communicate the
      error back to the builder:
      - The preprocess or compile command returns an error code.
         => this will be cleanly returned via redis.
      - The preprocess or compile command times out.
         => this will be cleanly returned via redis.
      - A lua exception happens when processing the task.
         => Most of the relevant code is wrapped in a pcall
            and the worker will communicate an error via
            redis before exiting.
      - The node manager can SIGTERM the worker.
         => When this happens, if there is a task running, then
            the associated subprocess will also receive the
            signal (via process group) and it will terminate
            with an error code that will be propagated.
      - The worker can suddenly disappear after having taken a
        a task, for unknown reasons.
         => Not handled.
      The last case is not handled, but it doesn't ever seem to
      happen. There are ways that it could be dealt with, e.g. a
      worker could register its PID to indicate that it has
      started working on a task, then the distributor could mon-
      itor and find tasks that have pids that are no longer ad-
      vertised, then reclaim that task. It would then increment a
      failure counter for that ask, and, assuming retries haven't
      been exceeded, it can put it back onto the front of the
      global queue so it gets retried. But that seems like it is
      not worth the effort since this doesn't seem to happen.
  * Multiplexing:
    - There will be multiple channels to the redis server.
    - Workers should have an id and we should multiplex based
      on bandwidth in each channel.
  * Dashboard:
    * Try to have the cluster downloader pull in all of its info
      in a remote lua function so that it only needs one trip.
      Low priority.
  * For the local workers, when they are uploading their pre-
    processed output, perhaps we want to adapt the compression
    level according to the upload bandwidth they have to the
    redis server, if that can be measured reliably.